md/src/SUMMARY.md, before:

<span style='color: orange'>***UNDER CONSTRUCTION***</span><br>
<span style='color: lightgray; font-size: 10pt'><a href='https://github.com/klavins/LeanBook/blob/main/main/../LeanBook/Chapters/SUMMARY.lean'>Code</a> for this chapter</span>


[Foundations of Lean](./Introduction.md)

# Basics

- [Overview of Lean](./Lean.md)

# Type Theory

- [λ-Calculus](./LambdaCalculus.md)
- [Propositional Logic](./PropositionalLogic.md)
- [Curry-Howard Isomorphism](./CurryHoward.md)
- [Inductive Types](./InductiveTypes.md)

# Logic

- [Propositional Connectives](./Connectives.md)
- [First Order Logic](./FirstOrderLogic.md)
- [Tactics](./Tactics.md)
- [Equality](./Equality.md)
- [Relations](./Relations.md)

# Numbers

- [Natural Numbers](./Naturals/Intro.md)
    - [Definition](./Naturals/Definition.md)
    - [Properties](./Naturals/Properties.md)
- [Integers](Integers/Intro.md)
    - [Quotient Spaces](./Integers/Definition.md)
    - [Operators](./Integers/Operators.md)
    - [Properties](./Integers/Properties.md)
- [Rational Numbers](./Numbers.md)
- [Real Numbers](./Reals.md)



<div style='height=50px'>&nbsp;</div><hr>
Copyright © Eric Klavins, 2025-Present

Commit message:

formatting, ordering, and other changes

md/src/SUMMARY.md, after:


<div style='display:none'>
--  Copyright (C) 2025  Eric Klavins
--
--  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
--  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
--  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
--  (at your option) any later version.   
</div>

<span style='color: orange'>***UNDER CONSTRUCTION***</span><br>
<span style='color: lightgray; font-size: 10pt'><a href='https://github.com/klavins/LeanBook/blob/main/main/../LeanBook/Chapters/SUMMARY.lean'>Code</a> for this chapter</span>


[Foundations of Lean](./Introduction.md)

# Basics

- [Overview of Lean](./Lean.md)

# Type Theory

- [λ-Calculus](./LambdaCalculus.md)
- [Propositional Logic](./PropositionalLogic.md)
- [Curry-Howard Isomorphism](./CurryHoward.md)
- [Inductive Types](./InductiveTypes.md)

# Logic

- [Propositional Connectives](./Connectives.md)
- [First Order Logic](./FirstOrderLogic.md)
- [Tactics](./Tactics.md)
- [Equality](./Equality.md)
- [Relations](./Relations.md)

# Numbers

- [Natural Numbers](./Naturals/Intro.md)
    - [Definition](./Naturals/Definition.md)
    - [Properties](./Naturals/Properties.md)
- [Integers](Integers/Intro.md)
    - [Quotient Spaces](./Integers/Definition.md)
    - [Operators](./Integers/Operators.md)
    - [Properties](./Integers/Properties.md)
- [Rational Numbers](./Numbers.md)
- [Real Numbers](./Reals.md)

# Ordering

- [Definitions](./Ordering/Definition.md)
- [Properties](./Ordering/Properties.md)
- [Natural Numbers](./Ordering/Nats.md)
- [Sets](./Ordering/Sets.md)
- [Strings](./Ordering/Strings.md)
- [Information](./Ordering/Information.md)



<div style='height=50px'>&nbsp;</div><hr>
Copyright © 2025 Eric Klavins
